	In 2004 I graduated with honors from high school, and was awarded the Medal of the Russian Government for outstanding achievement in studies. In school my favorite subjects were mathematics, physics, and chemistry. I repeatedly participated in district and regional competitions in these subjects.

	In September 2004 I enrolled in the Masters program at the Department of Computational Mathematics and Cybernetics (Computer Science) of Nizhny Novgorod State University named after N.I. Lobachevsky. In my third year of college I joined the Laboratory of Control Theory and Machine Dynamics with a focus on studying mathematical modeling. In 2009 I graduated with a Masters degree in Computer Science, defending my thesis titled "Self-assembly of segments without breaks", and qualified as a mathematician and a systems programmer. Between 2008-2010, I also completed a program in Mathematical Methods in Economics at the Department of Mechanics and Mathematics of the same university, defending a diploma thesis titled "Algorithms for solving the traveling salesman problem" and earning a BS degree in Economics.

	From July to October 2007 I was an intern at the Institute of Applied Physics of the Russian Academy of Sciences as a laboratory researcher, where I developed software for the optical technologies laboratory. As part of my internship project, I increased the precision of scientific experiments and reduced the percentage of defects in manufactured items by 40%.

	Between March 2008 and May 2009 I was a web developer at NewNN, a local news and social networking portal in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia. I implemented a "Business Pages" service allowing local businesses to easily establish online presence. This allowed to boost the company profit by up to 30% and to increase the number of monthly active users of the portal to more than 100,000.

	In 2010 I relocated to New York, and in March 2011 I moved to Silicon Valley, California. From June 2011 to August 2011 I took courses in Automata and Operating Systems at San Jose State University. In the Fall of 2011 I took Coursera online classes in Databases, Algorithms, and Machine Learning. Between 2012 and 2015 I attended Foothill College where I took courses in Java, Python, advanced JavaScript, advanced SQL and Android. In September 2015 I enrolled in the Udacity Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree program. My current interests include web technology, design and databases. Currently I am working on a website and mobile application project that would allow users to optimize their daily spending, improve their shopping decisions, and save money for important purchases.

